---
draft: false
date: 2024-01-15
categories:
  - General

---

# Hitting Publish, First Blog

<!-- more -->
~550 days—a year and a half—to write my first blog and publish. Writer's block? <br> Yes! Backed by procrastination and overthinking
about the blunder, negligence and problems that didn't even exist in the first place. Essentially, what's the whole point of this
jibber-jabber ? <br>Here are the reasons why -- **No one gives a damn about your blog!**

1. Forbes 8.1 billion under 8.1 billion, un-known and un-seen chap
2. Not a renowned person whose writings are taken seriously by the reader
3. There were better blogs out there that are visually appealing and offered more value
4. Ain't have a dual-Ph.D., even if, expertise may be somewhat limited, half-cooked, shortsighted
5. Haven't appeared in any top-notch channels like CNBC, CNN or public shows that designate credibility

------
> Should one be worried? Nope!  
> They care? Doubt it.
------

Folks have their own mountains to climb, laundry to fold, and inner demons to wrestle... <br>
Here are the reasons why -- **You should give a damn about your blog!** or at least _I did_

1. Helps you streamline your thought process in plain simple language
2. Skills wise you re-read, re-write, re-think and re-generate; soft-skills wins the wars
3. It serves as a _digital diary for your future self_. This allows you to reflect on how blunt your thoughts were when
   you revisit them in the future 
4. Helps to translate the complexity and fiction of imaginative mind into words of real world
5. Knowledge transfer (KT) simply makes you a bit more aware and knowledgeable, and introspect about your surroundings
6. Unintentionally, aids readers who are navigating a similar path, enabling them to resonate with the writer’s
   past journey and take action accordingly, good _karma_ leads to connection
7. ** Having the ability to add perspective to an original process, field, or content can sometimes make you stand out as
   _opinionated_. good thing, as it sets you apart from the common flock of quacking ducks

<br>
<br>
What stuck with me ? -- Writing demands clarity
